About Behavox
Behavox is shaping the future for how businesses harness their most important raw material - data. Our mission is bold: Organize enterprise data into actionable information that protects and promotes the business growth of multinational companies around the world. 

From managing enterprise risk and compliance to maximizing revenue and value, our data operating platform presents a widespread opportunity to build multilingual, AI/ML-based solutions that activate data for every function within a global enterprise. 

Our approach is unique, and it’s validated by our customers who tell us to keep forging ahead because no one else is aggregating, analyzing, and acting on data to uncover opportunities or solve problems quite the way we are.

We are looking for fearless innovators who have an insatiable appetite for building what no one has built before.

About the Role
The Agentic AI Engineering team at Behavox is building the next generation of intelligent automation—AI agents powered by the latest advances in large language models (LLMs). Our mission is to dramatically boost productivity across the company by creating agents that can reason, take action, and seamlessly integrate with our development and business workflows. You will tackle a diverse set of engineering challenges, including designing agentic architectures, orchestrating LLMs with external tools and APIs, and deploying robust, scalable AI systems. As an Agentic AI Engineer, you will work closely with AI researchers, and MLOps to bring innovative agent solutions from prototype to production.

For the right talent, this is a great opportunity because:
  - Pioneer Enterprise AI Integration: You will be at the forefront of applying cutting-edge LLMs and agent technology to real business operations, leading the development of first-of-their-kind AI solutions that redefine how our teams work. You’ll have the freedom to experiment and shape Behavox’s approach to AI-driven productivity.
  - High Impact and Visibility: The AI agents you develop will have immediate and tangible effects on the daily work of hundreds of employees. Success in this role means your work will be recognized company-wide for making a real, measurable difference in productivity.
  - Collaborative, Growth-Oriented Environment: You’ll collaborate with a top-tier team of AI researchers and MLOps experts, working on state-of-the-art technology in a culture that values innovation, experimentation, and learning. It’s a unique chance to expand your expertise and drive a strategic initiative without layers of bureaucracy slowing you down.

If you’re excited to pioneer agentic AI technology and see your work transform the way people work every day, this is the perfect place for you.

What You'll Bring
A deep and genuine interest in Behavox as demonstrated by a connection to its mission, marketplace and/or technologies
Production AI/LLM Application Development: Extensive relevant experience, including building production-grade LLM-powered applications or agents
Expertise in LLM & Agentic Concepts: Mastery of concepts like retrieval augmented generation (RAG), prompt chaining/Chain-of-Thought reasoning, use of memory (short & long-term) in AI agents, and tool usage by agents
Strong Python and Engineering Skills: Fluency in Python programming and familiarity with ML libraries or frameworks (e.g. PyTorch, TensorFlow) as needed
Cloud & DevOps Familiarity: Experience deploying and running applications on cloud platforms (AWS/GCP)
What You'll Do
Design and Deploy Autonomous AI Agents: ability to architect AI agents to perform complex tasks by breaking them into smaller steps, and implementing them end-to-end from PoC and till production
Innovate and Drive AI Projects: ability to originate innovative ideas for applying AI agents to real problems
Apply Latest Research to Improve Systems: competence in staying up-to-date with recent developments in the AI/LLM field and incorporating those improvements
Optimize and Ensure Reliability of AI Agents: demonstrated ability to use engineering tools to improve performance – e.g., optimize an agent’s response time or success rate by adjusting how it uses resources
Technical Leadership and Collaboration: ideally, the candidate would be able to make sound technical decisions, mentor others, and collaborate effectively
What We Offer
A truly global mission with a passionate community in locations all over the world
Huge impact and learning potential as our aspirations require bold innovation
Highly competitive compensation with 100% bonus pay already integrated
Benefits include great health coverage for employee and family
Generous time-off policy and flexible work schedule
About Our Process
We take Talent very seriously and we are building a community of extraordinary individuals working together in very high performing teams. We also know that the best Talent always has options so we believe that the process has to be a two way assessment - the company AND the candidate assessing the business needs alignment, the career next step alignment, and the cultural alignment.

During the process we will begin by exploring the core factors regarding salary and location along with core experience and skills and values alignment. We will then deep dive explore the critical technical competencies we have identified for the role, and then we will deep dive in behavioral competencies.

The most aligned candidate will then be asked to do a practical work task simulation activity so we can make sure that you will enjoy the kind of work the role requires, and this task will typically be presented and discussed with a group of colleagues and managers. 